# TriviaGame

I did not complete the homework, did not in fact get terribly far into it before running into a problem that I could not surmount. That issue is explained in the comments in the javascript file.  

I spent a great deal of time on that problem to the detriment of other things that I had planned to do.  There were two major things I had intended to include that I did not get to.  One was to add a start button to kick off the game, loading the questions and answers and staarting the timer.  The second was at the end of the game to clear the area on the page where the questions were located (that is, the div that contained them) and repopulate it with a section that displays the numbers of correct and incorrect choices.  In addition, I did not have time to do any appreciable amount of CSS styling.  Since the questions were Civil War themed I had chosen a blue and gray color scheme but had just thrown up a couple of colors quickly and intended to go back and try a few other blue-gray combinations.  I had also intended to play with fonts, look for something appropriate to use as a background image (perhaps crossed Union and Confederate flags), and add some background music.  I did find the music I wanted, the theme from Ken Burns' series on the Civil War, but figured that would be one of the last things I would do.

This homework has been a disheartening and discouraging experience for me.  In the previous homework I felt like I had made some real progress.  I understood the things I needed to do, had an approach as to how to do them and was reasonably successful in implementing that approach.  In this howework I understood what I needed to do, had an approach as to how to do them, but failed pretty completely in implementing it.  It feels like a major step backwards.

I did learn some things about management of my time. I decided to spend Monday after class study time on thoroughly reviewing some of the recent class exercises to make sure I understood the concepts, tools , etc and did not start this homework until Tuesday after class.  In retrospect, that was not soon enough.  I keep a log of hours spent outside of class on schoolwork and I spent approximately twice as much time on the previous homework as I did on this one, which is undoubtedly a major factor in why I was reasonably successful in the previous and not so much in this one. Lesson 1: get on homework immediately, and this is especially important for the Thursday assignments since that is a shorter timeframe.  Lesson 2: resign myself to the fact that virtually all my time outside of class will be devoted to the current homework.  Reviewing exercises and similar activites are luxury that I can't afford.

